hey i'm in the nike store there he is
he's getting the message there's a
promotion for feedback and thanks for
yep yeah we got meat pack is the
trendiest shoe store in guatemala a
brand known for its edgy cutting style
and a store known for its unique
discounts in limited-edition kicks
including brands like Adidas Naik and
Reebok an icon for the sneaker head
subculture with over 60,000 fans on
their fan page in less than a year they
needed to launch a new promotion to lift
up to their hardcore fans an innovative
way to earn your discount we created
hijack and enhance them for the official
meet pack out used by our customers
using GPS tracking technology that marks
every competitive store of the brand
sold at meat pack so every time one of
our sneakerheads enters one of the
stores it triggers a special notice with
a promotion hijack sends an alert the
person's mobile with a discount that
starts at ninety-nine percent and
decreases by 1 percent every second that
goes by making the countdown stop until
you reach our store won the 600
customers were hijacked from the
competitors in a week one customer Pedro
Rodriguez got a record-breaking
eighty-nine percent discount this is the
first promo campaign that started the
sale in the competitors stores
I